1.	Skills - Technical, Interpersonal, Communication, Tools and Techniques
a.	Requirement: General: Object-oriented development, web development, systems analysis & design, data modeling, process modeling, requirements analysis, database design & development, JavaScript / jQuery development, Visio, source control management, testing  Platform Skills: Team Foundation Server (TFS), ALM, AIM  Software Development Skills: OO Development, Unit Testing, Technical Documentation (e.g. Functional Specification, Design Specification, Technical Reference), User Documentation, Data Design, Normalization
b.	How I meet the requirement: Force.com platform, Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Apex, VisualForce, SF Integration, Angular, jQuery, NodeJS, Sails (support), data modeling, process modeling, requirements analysis, database design & development
2.	Size & Complexity of Systems
a.	Requirement: Departmental & small-business systems (200K)
b.	How I meet the requirement: HRTK(450k+) > 200k since I became the main dev
3.	Multi-Client (Multi-Department)
a.	Requirement: 3
b.	How I meet the requirement: Protect Lilly, Six Sigma, HR, E&C, Corporate Affairs, Global Learning Services
4.	Multi-Industry
a.	Requirement: 2
b.	How I meet the requirement: with Allegient - pharma, others - travel, education
5.	Business Development Experience
a.	Requirement: Assists
b.	How I meet the requirement: Helped Joel Spittal with estimation for HRTK, COI workorders. Estimated 25+ enhancements. Suggested potential enhancements to clients that turned into work.
6.	Interviewing and Hiring Decision Experience
a.	Requirement: None
b.	How I meet the requirement: None
7.	Demonstrated Depth of Knowledge (Cert, Publications, Degree, etc.)
a.	Requirement: Bachelors, 1 of Certifications, publications, or speaking
b.	How I meet the requirement: Bachelors, taking Salesforce cert on Thursday
8.	Project Discipline Knowledge, Performance and Experience
a.	Requirement: Advanced knowledge, successful project implementations as a key contributor
b.	How I meet the requirement: HRTK, myLSS, URF, IRA 2.0, myIntegrity, 7 Elements
9.	Independence / Leadership
a.	Requirement: Component lead
b.	How I meet the requirement: Multiple projects implemented being the sole dev
10.	Level of Client Communication Experience
a.	Requirement: Client advisor
b.	How I meet the requirement: Advised HRTK and myIntegrity teams on multiple occasions how to leverage the existing fuctionality
11.	Versatility
a.	Requirement: Fufill multiple career track roles effectively
b.	How I meet the requirement: 
12.	Consistency / Repeatability
a.	Requirement: 2 years positive feedback
b.	How I meet the requirement: multiple individual and team kudos from peers and clients
13.	Positive Team Member Feedback
a.	Requirement: 2+ projects overall positive team feedback
b.	How I meet the requirement: 
14.	Positive Project Feedback from Client
a.	Requirement: Received 2+ instances of client praise, praise received from client's director level management
b.	How I meet the requirement: Received 2+ instances of client praise, praise received from client's director level management
15.	Description
